Add `--block-external-urls` flag to forbid external navigation attempts (fix #978) (#1012)
jiahaog/nativefier: docs/api.md

nativefier https://google.com --internal-urls ".*?"
```

#### [block-external-urls]

```
--block-external-urls
```

> Disable navigation to URLs not considered "internal" (see '--internal-urls'). Instead of opening in an external browser, attempts to navigate to external URLs will be ignored. Default: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forbid navigation to URLs not considered "internal" (see '--internal-urls'). Instead of opening in an external browser, attempts to navigate to external URLs will be blocked, and an error message will be shown. Default: false
```
